# GopherJS React gRPC-Web client
This folder contains the entire source for the frontend app hosted by the server.
It is written in GopherJS and leverages the [GopherJS React bindings](https://myitcv.io/react).
It performs server interactions via the interface exposed by the files in `./proto/`.
Those files are generated using `protoc` and `protoc-gen-gopherjs`. See `protogen.sh` in
the root of this repo for the commands used.

This folder contains several subfolders, some of which are GopherJS packages, and some which
are part of the generation of the compiled fileserver.

The design of this client is heavily inspired by the
[GopherJS React Examples Showcase](http://blog.myitcv.io/gopherjs_examples_sites/examplesshowcase/).

### Book

The `book` package exposes `GetBook` and `QueryBooks`, two GopherJS React components that
themselves interface with the `protoc-gen-go` generated interface in the `proto` folder.

### Compiled

The `compiled` package is a `vfsgen` generated package, created from the contents of
the `html` folder. It serves as the interface that the `main.go` server uses to serve
the GopherJS frontend without the need for a `static` directory. The generation is done
via `go:generate` in `app.go`.

### Container

The `container` package exposes `Container`, a GopherJS React component that creates the
base of the client. It draws a navbar, writes the header description and iterates over
the examples, fetching the source code and rendering the components for each.

### html

The `html` folder contains the static sources used, and during generation it also contains
the GopherJS generated javascript. They are removed after generation is complete as they're
just an intermediary to the final, compiled, `vfsgen` go package. The favicon included
is borrowed from the [grpc.github.io](https://github.com/grpc/grpc.github.io/) repo, and
subject to the LICENSE therein.

### proto

The `proto` package is generated by `protoc-gen-gopherjs`. It also contains a ProtobufJS
generated file, with some slight modifications for compatibility and inclusion in the
generated JS file.
